About Carolee – Salon Carolee Location: The Secret Spa Phone Number: 828-225-32222 MENU About Carolee Our Services Hair Salon Hair Color Hair Extensions Nail Care Skin Care Gallery Wellness Center Contact Opening Times By Appointment Only Phone Number 775-720-2765 BOOK NOW About Carolee Salon CaroleeAbout Carolee About Carolee Paula Easton December 8, 2015 July 8, 2020 Our Salon The ultra comfortable and pleasant ambience adds to the aesthetics. Our Salon is well equipped and functional for any hairstyle you wish. Our salon is in a historic house built in 1910. Our Mission Provides inspiring and creative salon services in a comfortable environment Provides honest informed solutions for each customer Maintain a commitment to excellence Constantly train to refine skills and new styles Our Vision With the latest technology and equipments at their disposal, they not only. Our vision is happy costumer who comes back. For those looking for top notch service and the latest hair trends and style best suited for you. Our Goals We realize our salon’s goals and mission of being the right place from where you looking. Carolee has a unique artistic way of helping both men and women look their best. About Carolee Carolee has artistic vision and impeccable attention to detail which is coupled by the ability and desire to work with all hairstyles, textures and the customer’s aspirations about their hair. Carolee has been creatively doing hair for over 30 years. Carolee holds a license in California, Nevada and North Carolina Carolee’s Resume SALON CAROLEE We are passionate and dedicated to making you look beautiful and creating a style that makes you look good and feel even better. Salon Carolee can give you the best in total hair care. OUR SERVICESHair Salon Hair Color Hair Extensions Nail Care Skin Care WELLNESS CENTER Juice Plus+ Isotonix OPC-3 TLS Weight Loss Ultimate Aloe CONTACT The Secret Spa 73 Merrimon Ave, Asheville NC 28801 775-7202765 saloncarolee@gmail.com In our salon we support credit cards Back to top Find us Designed by PJ Easton Copyright © CaroleeArmstrong.com & SalonCarolee.com