Wellness Center – Salon Carolee Location: The Secret Spa Phone Number: 828-225-32222 MENU About Carolee Our Services Hair Salon Hair Color Hair Extensions Nail Care Skin Care Gallery Wellness Center Contact Opening Times By Appointment Only Phone Number 775-720-2765 BOOK NOW Wellness Center Juice Plus+, Tower Garden, Isotonix, OPC-3, TLS Weight Loss, Ultimate Aloe, Pet Health Salon CaroleeWellness Center Wellness Center Paula Easton December 29, 2015 July 9, 2020 "This is the place to be for your overall wellness. My Mom, Paula Easton is the one who started me on these products. I have been so healthy since. Please call me at 775-720-2765 for more info and how to obtain them. There is a section for Pets, in which my Mom's 2 little dogs get everyday and are very healthy indeed." ~ Carolee Juice Plus+ Isotonix® Isotonix OPC-3® TLS Weight Loss Ultimate Aloe Pet Health Juice Plus+ Fruit, Vegetable & Berry Blend Capsules Juice Plus+® Fruit, Vegetable, and Berry Blends provide added whole food based nutrition from 30 different fruits, vegetables, and grains in convenient capsule form. These are NOT supplements but considered a food group. If you have trouble swallowing pills, you can open the capsules and pour them into your drink or smoothie. Imagine getting all the fruit and vegetables your body needs everyday, 7 days a week. If you do juicing and get it that way, that is great - this just insures you get all the ones you need. Juice Plus+ products are made from the juice powder concentrates and oils from more than 40 different fruits, vegetables and grains. While Juice Plus+ isn’t a substitute for eating fruits and vegetables, our whole food-based products support a healthy diet by offering a much wider variety of naturally occurring vitamins, along with antioxidants and phytonutrients found in fruits and vegetables. Every Juice Plus+ product is made from quality ingredients grown farm fresh, providing the natural nutrients your body needs. For more information, call Carolee at 775-720-2765 or Paula at 310-65-6862 Grow Your Own Food with Tower Garden Good health starts with good habits, like eating wholesome foods. Tower Garden systems let you easily grow your own fresh, nutrient-rich food without soil. The new Tower Garden HOME is ideal for indoor gardening, while the Tower Garden FLEX is slightly larger and can be used indoors or outdoors. Grow a healthier you year-round. You probably already know that you should eat a lot of fruits and vegetables every day—and the more variety, the greater the benefit. Luckily, you can grow both a high number and large variety of vegetables, herbs, fruits and flowers with Tower Garden. In fact, Tower Garden can grow more than 150 different wellness-promoting plants. (The only real exceptions are root crops—such as carrots and potatoes—grapevines, bushes and trees.) For more information, call Carolee at 775-720-2765 or Paula at 310-65-6862 Isotonix® Vitamins: Isotonix® Vitamins are a effervescent powder that gets into your body and blood stream a lot faster than pills. My favorites are the Multi-Vitamin, Vitamin C, and Activated B Complex Isotonix® dietary supplements are delivered in an isotonic solution. This means that the body has less work to do in obtaining maximum absorption. Get Total Nutrition Contains 100% or more of the Recommended Daily Value of essential vitamins & minerals Supports a strong immune system Supplements dietary deficiencies Additional Benefits - Promotes normal cognitive performance and mental clarity Promotes skeletal, muscle & skin health Promotes the conversion of food into energy Supports a healthy cardiovascular system Supports strong bones Helps maintain normal blood pressure Supports a healthy thyroid Promotes healthy growth and repair of tissue Contains vitamins and minerals that support the body’s ability to metabolize fats and carbohydrates and support a healthy body weight For more information, call Carolee at 775-720-2765 or Paula at 310-65-6862 Isotonix OPC-3® An isotonic-capable food supplement that is made from a combination of bilberry, grape seed, red wine and pine bark extracts, and citrus extract bioflavonoids, all found to be powerful antioxidants. Oligomeric proanthocyanidins (OPCs) are bioflavonoids (complex organic plant compounds) found in fruits, vegetables and certain tree barks that provide exceptional nutritional benefits to the human body. The most powerful antioxidant supplement on the market today! Provides complete antioxidant protection. Combats free radicals Demonstrates anti-inflammatory activity and promotes joint health Helps maintain healthy cholesterol levels Helps maintain healthy circulation by strengthening capillaries, arteries and veins Promotes/Supports healthy blood vessel dilation Helps promote/support cardiovascular health Helps maintain joint flexibility Helps reduce mild menstrual cramping and abdominal pain Helps support visual health/visual acuity Potent free radical scavenger Promotes/Supports healthy nitric oxide levels Supports a healthy complexion Supports healthy blood glucose levels Supports healthy platelet activity Supports healthy sperm quality Promotes sinus comfort TLS Weight Loss Solution: NutriClean® 7-Day Cleansing System* Helps maintain digestive health Promotes liver and colon health Supports overall health by helping to maintain normal cholesterol levels, helping to maintain normal blood glucose levels and promoting immune health Assists with healthy nutrient absorption Helps to cleanse and detoxify the liver TLS® Nutrition Shake – Chocolate & Vanilla 19 grams of protein and 10 grams of fiber per serving Optimal balance of carbohydrates, fats and protein Great taste High in calcium No trans fats TLS® CORE Fat & Carb Inhibitor* Helps promote weight loss Supports leptin sensitivity, which may help to manage hunger and stimulate lipolysis May help to reduce fat stores in the body Promotes reduction in body mass index (BMI) Inhibits the amylase enzyme and slows the absorption of carbohydrates into the bloodstream Helps maintain normal blood sugar levels Ultimate Aloe: One of the most concentrated aloe products on the market! Supports a healthy digestive tract Supports a strong immune system Better digestion & nutrient absorption Additional Benefits - International Aloe Science Council (IASC) Certified, ensuring the best aloe content & purity Our formula uses only the purest ingredients – real aloe vera juice & pulp harvested straight from the leaf 100% aloe vera concentration in all flavors Promotes normal healing Promotes digestive comfort Small Dogs With Eye Brownish Discharge - For a small dog, I put 1 Tablespoon in food once a day, after about a month that discharge goes away PetHEALTH: PetHealth OPC Formula with Glucosamine for Dogs & Cats Benefits: Combat free radicals May help maintain healthy cholesterol levels May help maintain healthy circulation May help maintain joint flexibility May help promote cardiovascular health May help support visual health/visual acuity Potent free radical scavenger Supports normal blood vessel dilation Supports normal nitric oxide levels Supports normal blood glucose levels Supports normal platelet activity PetHealth™ Multivitamin Formula for Dogs Benefits: Promotes healthy skin and coat Promotes healthy growth and repair of body tissues Promotes strong bones and teeth Provides antioxidant support Provides protection from free radicals Supports the immune system Promotes digestive health Helps support vision and eye health Promotes normal energy levels Supports the nervous system Supports healthy muscle function See Ultimate Aloe for small dogs to remove that eye brownish discharge SALON CAROLEE We are passionate and dedicated to making you look beautiful and creating a style that makes you look good and feel even better. Salon Carolee can give you the best in total hair care. OUR SERVICESHair Salon Hair Color Hair Extensions Nail Care Skin Care WELLNESS CENTER Juice Plus+ Isotonix OPC-3 TLS Weight Loss Ultimate Aloe CONTACT The Secret Spa 73 Merrimon Ave, Asheville NC 28801 775-7202765 saloncarolee@gmail.com In our salon we support credit cards Back to top Find us Designed by PJ Easton Copyright © CaroleeArmstrong.com & SalonCarolee.com