Salon Carolee – A Beautiful World Awaits A Beautiful You Location: The Secret Spa Phone Number: 828-225-32222 MENU About Carolee Our Services Hair Salon Hair Color Hair Extensions Nail Care Skin Care Gallery Wellness Center Contact Opening Times By Appointment Only Phone Number 775-720-2765 BOOK NOW The Best in Total Hair Care Welcome to Salon Carolee. A hair stylist here in Asheville, NC. “We are passionate and dedicated to making you look beautiful” ~ Carolee BOOK NOW LEARN MORE Hair Salon Carolee has a unique color concepts and is a visionary hair artist. We listen and work closely with you to create the hairstyle that is perfect … Read more Nail Care We are passionate and dedicated to making you look beautiful and creating a style that makes you look good and feel even better ... Read more Skin Care Your face will never look so good! We offer a unique environment that combines the finest in rejuvenating skin care techniques in a relaxing … Read more Hair Color When you think your hair is special and you look beautiful, you will most certainly go out in the world with a great and awesome outlook … Read more Hair Extensions Have longer fuller hair that matches your own color. Carolee is licensed by HairLoc and will give you that long, big hair you've always wanted … Read more Wellness Center We never eat all the fruit and vegetables are body needs, 7 days a week. JuicePlus+ will give us that. Then couple that with Isotonix Vitamins … Read more SALON CAROLEE We are passionate and dedicated to making you look beautiful and creating a style that makes you look good and feel even better. Salon Carolee can give you the best in total hair care. OUR SERVICESHair Salon Hair Color Hair Extensions Nail Care Skin Care WELLNESS CENTER Juice Plus+ Isotonix OPC-3 TLS Weight Loss Ultimate Aloe CONTACT The Secret Spa 73 Merrimon Ave, Asheville NC 28801 775-7202765 saloncarolee@gmail.com In our salon we support credit cards Back to top Find us Designed by PJ Easton Copyright © CaroleeArmstrong.com & SalonCarolee.com