Skin Care – Salon Carolee Location: The Secret Spa Phone Number: 828-225-32222 MENU About Carolee Our Services Hair Salon Hair Color Hair Extensions Nail Care Skin Care Gallery Wellness Center Contact Opening Times By Appointment Only Phone Number 775-720-2765 BOOK NOW Skin Care Facials for Women and Men Salon CaroleeOur ServicesSkin Care Skin Care Paula Easton December 28, 2015 July 9, 2020 Facial Skincare Discover a beauty oasis at The Secret Spa. Designed by top skin care specialists, we offer a unique environment that combines the finest in rejuvenating skin care techniques in a relaxing environment. You can now get high end skin care treatments you deserve. The Belvedere Signature His/Hers Facial Our signature facial is more like an aromatherapy experience. European techniques, deep cleansing and healing touch therapy blended with targeted skincare that is customized exclusively for you. Extractions and hydrating hand treatments are included. The Girl on the go Classic Facial A wonderful monthly maintenance facial preformed with the use of botanical products that are customized to meet your skin’s need. Extractions are not includes with this facial The Flip Side Back Facial Layers of exfoliating textures & botanical products pamper your most neglected area. This decadent back ritual is complete with warm stones & healing aromatherapy touch routine exclusively designed for this spa Purifying Facial: This is the Perfect treatment for inflamed acne, rosacea, sensitive & compromised skin from chemotherapy. Let our skilled therapist design a soothing treatment to calm and clear the skin. Extractions & high frequency are included. Rejuvenation Facial: Let us guide you through the aging process to enhance a more glowing youthful version of your skin. Includes a skin specific peel as well as Microcurrent therapy, also known as microcurrent facelift or non-surgical facelift .It is a non-invasive cosmetic technique that aims at improving the muscle tone of the face & the neck, and thus diminish or prevent the signs of skin aging this is truly unique red carpet treatment. Any Facial may be enhanced, based on your specific areas of concern. Hair Salon Hair Color Hair Extensions Nail Care Skin Care SALON CAROLEE We are passionate and dedicated to making you look beautiful and creating a style that makes you look good and feel even better. Salon Carolee can give you the best in total hair care. OUR SERVICESHair Salon Hair Color Hair Extensions Nail Care Skin Care WELLNESS CENTER Juice Plus+ Isotonix OPC-3 TLS Weight Loss Ultimate Aloe CONTACT The Secret Spa 73 Merrimon Ave, Asheville NC 28801 775-7202765 saloncarolee@gmail.com In our salon we support credit cards Back to top Find us Designed by PJ Easton Copyright © CaroleeArmstrong.com & SalonCarolee.com