True Audio: Audio Spectrum Analyzer and Loudspeaker Design Software Home Catalog/Order Tech Topics Audio Links Book Store Measure Audio Signals Design a Loudspeaker Enclosure Learn about Loudspeaker Design Measure Z and Driver Parameters TrueRTA's audio spectrum analyzer software shows you a detailed picture of what you're hearing in real-time, that is, as it happens. All you need is a Windows PC with basic sound capability. The test instruments found in TrueRTA include: ● Real Time Audio Analyzer● Low Distortion Signal Generator● Dual Trace Oscilloscope● dB SPL, dBu and Crest Factor Meters WinSpeakerz is a loudspeaker simulation program. This popular speaker simulator lets you propose various speaker systems and then evaluate them in software before you cut wood or order expensive transducer components.● Customize your Driver Library● Box Calculators ● Crossover Calculators Introduction to Loudspeaker Design is written for students, technicians, engineers and hobbyists seeking an overview of the technology of loudspeakers. Topics include: ● Loudspeaker Design Tradeoffs● Spatial Loading● Diffraction Loss● Cavity Effect ● Enclosure Construction DATS measures loudspeaker parameters or passive component values in just seconds and even includes our unique impedance based Rub and Buzz test. ● Measure Speaker Parameters ● Perform Rub and Buzz Testing ● Measure R, C and L values ● Generate Audio Waveforms Buy DATS at Parts Express Starting at $39.95 $39.95 $24.95 $129.00 Learn more about TrueRTA Learn more about WinSpeakerz Learn more about Introduction to Loudspeaker Design Learn more about DATS TrueRTA Audio Spectrum Analyzer for Windows About TrueRTA TrueRTA Selection Guide TrueRTA FAQs TrueRTA Support TrueRTA Downloads Starting at $39.95 Create your own audio measurement system starting with TrueRTA software and your Windows PC. Then add a measurement microphone and USB interface and you have a full audio/acoustic test setup. Start with the free level 1 edition which provides a 1 octave spectrum analyzer, a dual trace oscilloscope and a signal generator. Level 1 never expires. Once you get to see the power of the software and how easily you become productive with it you will want to upgrade to a higher level with greater resolution. More... Brent Butterworth writing for Sound and Vision Magazine, Jan 2011 : "While lots of audio measurement software applications exist for the PC, the one that seems to have captured the hearts of engineers and enthusiasts is TrueRTA, available at trueaudio.com. Most speaker engineers I know keep a copy on their computers." Paul writes: As an experienced electronic musician holding degrees in music and physics I have a lot of frequency analyzers at my disposal. TrueRTA is simply the best! It is feature rich and simple to use. The display is the most readable of any analyzer I have used. I always have it running when I am working on my music or recording and processing LP records. Kudos to the True Audio team. Click Here to download the FREE TrueRTA Level 1 Level 1 NEVER EXPIRES! Windows XP, Windows 7/ 8/ 10 Compatible! Click here for hardware suggestions for TrueRTA WinSpeakerz Loudspeaker Design Software "The Speaker Design Toolbox" About WinSpeakerz WinSpeakerz Support WinSpeakerz_Demo WinSpeakerz Drivers WinSpeakerz is our loudspeaker simulation program for Windows XP, 7 and 8. Use this app to simulate the performance of any loudspeaker system you propose. Only begin building after verifying and polishing your new speaker in the simulator.The software includes a driver database with over 1000 drivers that you can expand to include your own favorite or proprietary drivers. More... Click here to download the WinSpeakerz Free Demo (Windows XP, 7 and 8 compatible) Only $39.95! Introduction to Loudspeaker Design, 2nd Edition by John L. Murphy or (commissions earned) Introduction to Loudspeaker Design is written for hobbyists, students, technicians and engineers seeking an overview of the technology of loudspeakers. Starting with a brief history of audio developments the book begins by introducing the concepts of frequency, pitch and loudness and proceeds to develop the idea of a loudspeaker as a system. The book is now in its second edition and covers such topics as loudspeaker design tradeoffs, spatial loading, diffraction loss, cavity effect and enclosure construction. A complete chapter is devoted to the subject of crossover design. The appendices contain technical references, design aids and a chart depicting 18 different loudspeaker enclosure types. More... 2nd Edition Chapter Headings include: Audio Basics Loudspeaker Basics Speaker Response Functions Advanced Loudspeaker Topics Enclosure Design Crossover Design Driver Parameter Measurement Loudspeaker Simulation References and Design Aids Glossaries and Box Types Click here to learn more! DATS V3, the Dayton Audio Test System DATS is an impedance measurement system with the ability to measure loudspeaker parameters in just seconds. DATS V3 is the latest edition of the Dayton Audio Test System with a new generation of hardware. The original DATS set new standards for speed, accuracy and precision in audio impedance testing. Now DATS V3 expands and improves everything users have come to love about DATS. DATS was designed by John L. Murphy in collaboration with Dayton Audio. About DATS V3 The DATS V3 Brochure Buy DATS V3 at Parts Express $129.00 at Parts Express Audio Books Free Demos Audio Topics From True Audio 'Introduction to Loudspeaker Design" by John L Murphy Now in its 2nd Edition The book for hobbyists, technicians, and engineers seeking an overview of the technology of loudspeakers. or Read the full book review Read About ILD! Visit The Audio Engineering Bookstore Download our Real Time Analyzer! TrueRTA Level 1 Download a Demo of our WinSpeakerz software and see for yourself what loudspeaker design is all about!Get the WinSpeakerz demo and Demo Manual!For Windows XP, Vista and Windows 7/8 - Never Expires! Free Stuff Download a Box Chart for Windows Download a Baffle Reaction Radiation Spreadsheet Download a SPL to % Efficiency Conversion Chart Download a Linkwitz Transform Circuit Design Spreadsheet Murphy on Tubes vs. Solid-State Echo, Reverb and Time Delay Effects John Murphy's Posts on Audio Topics Speaker Topics Overview of Crossovers Overview of Crossovers-II Linkwitz-Riley Crossovers Neutralizing L(e) with a Zobel Design a Linkwitz Transform Circuit Audio Links Organizations Speaker Driver Manufacturers Speaker Component Sources Speaker System Manufacturers Speaker Suppliers Speaker Reconing Audio Search Engines Other Audio Sites Woodworking Sites DIY Audio Projects Murphy-Corner-Line-Array FREE DESIGN PLAN! Catalog Reviews Customer Comments About John L Murphy Windows software Book - ILD Audio Engineering Book Store Speaker Builder reviews Introduction to Loudspeaker Design Secrets of Home Theater and High Fidelity reviews WinSpeakerz Voice Coil Magazine on WinSpeakerz Affordable Audio On TrueRTA See What Our Customers Say About TrueRTA! "I'm using True RTA installed on an iView CyberPC. It's a Wndows 8.1 PC on a HDMI stick. It's plugged into a powered 4 port USB hub to which the UCA202 is connected. Everything worked first shot, no issues with either the software or hardware. In fact, the first Sweep I did showed me I had a problem with the amp being tested! So, just this note to thank you for the great product. Best, Jack" "I find this quite an amazing package. To put this amount of test gear together in earlier days would have cost me tens of thousands of dollars. Very nicely designed, very user friendly, and tells me all I need to know in a quick and efficient way. I take my hat off to your designer !! - Arthur" John is the designer of: TrueRTA WinSpeakerz DATS and the author of: 'Introduction to Loudspeaker Design' About the Author Support TrueRTA Support WinSpeakerz Support WinSpeakerz Drivers Special Pages True Audio's Bass List Page Press Information Page Learn to use TrueRTA at the Audio Visual Science Forum: Questions about Sound Cards, Microphones or Calibration? Click here: TrueRTA FAQs As an Amazon Associate True Audio commissions earn from qualifying purchases. Andersonville Tennessee USA Phone: 865-494-3388 True Audio® Home Page | Catalog | Tech Topics | Audio Links | Book Store WinSpeakerz Info | WinSpeakerz Support | WinSpeakerz Drivers | Try the WinSpeakerz Demo TrueRTA Info | TrueRTA Support | TrueRTA Downloads Introduction to Loudspeaker Design | About the Author | Box Chart | Privacy Page | Security Policy Your comments are welcome at webmaster@trueaudio.com Copyright©1990-2024 True Audio®, Andersonville TN USA, All rights reserved.